[Music]
the team have arrived at the location
where the orangutan is being kept and
despite the palatial surroundings Maya
the situation is worse than some kaffir
how can he keep an Iranian thing like
that the orangutan is being held in a
cramped rubbish strewn cage he's he's an
idols he must be around 12 up probably
he was caught in the wild and in brother
and he grew up in this case which we did
disappear home for many years
Carrie is struggling to come to terms
with what she see I'm so sorry
Oh
I suppose keep my imagism yes No
Oh in this game way people can be so
cruel
[Music]
I'm gonna take a honking dude standing
there he's gonna go away from this
hellhole but that's not a simple job as
an adult male he's incredible because I
answer that we need to sedate him too
and it quickly becomes clear just how
strong here
[Music]
now we're gonna wait for user is too big
to handle so we really have to sedate
him it's really sad constrain your
sanity after five minutes equals a week
they can't get activity he can't even
open a game from one completely rusted
[Music]
digging away from its mother mother
probably was killed and invited baby
they put it in a case like this and then
it's growing up in yarn and nobody's
even giving it access to fresh water but
now and for the first time in many years
he's going to have a future and it's
clear they've got him just in time I'm
looking if he's got any wounds or any
has he had something out of source but
he's got a life and I've never seen the
ring of things with life before the most
heartbreaking thing other things
but he's going to be close
he's on his way to safety about me
when they can stop
rehabilitated him and getting him back
to the forest where he belong
[Music]